barbara shmansky detroit michigan
may the fifth 2014 all right
little did i think i would be writing
you so soon again
you can blame leno sanek and his
intriguing links at the black op radio
site
okay this is i think this is the woman
who wrote us the thing about cbs
um that long four page um
thing about uh what's his name frank
stanton
okay which i read on the air which is
really an interesting letter right yeah
okay
all right um i reviewed the announcement
link
on the passing of john judge having
interest in world war ii
did not see war criminal cease being
caught my eye
okay listening was very interesting
information
it covered a speech by richard rashke
author of useful enemies enemies uh john
demandchick and america's open door
policy
for nazi war criminals about halfway
through his speech
rashkey managed to mention john mccloy
as high commissioner of germany
mccloy released or commuted the
sentences of 30 to 50 nazi criminals
aha i thought to myself finally perhaps
an explanation for a banker being on the
warren commission
maybe his background not unlike frank
stanton
had intelligence connections as i
suspected his background yielded
some juicy tidbits in some ways mccoy's
early background
is eerily similar to
lee harvey oswald with the exception
that he was extremely successful i
believe he was simply
more ruthless his backstory just doesn't
jive with his meteor
ascent i think he was a fixer and a
facilitator
who could get the results she wanted no
matter what the cost
mccoy's father was an insurance agent
died when he was only five years old
his mother was a hairdresser to high
society clients in philadelphia
he was educated at a private school okay
and then amherst college a highly ranked
private liberal arts college
he enrolled at harvard in 1916 to attend
the law school
mccloy was in a plattsburgh preparedness
camp
a volunteer reenlistment training
program prior to america's entry in the
world war one
these camps trained forty thousand men
largely the elite social classes
he joined as a second lieutenant when
the u.s entered the war in 1917.
he was an aide to a general in the
american expeditionary force in 1918
he became a captain of field artillery
and served at the front
mccloy received an llb from harvard in
he was an associate of leading new york
law firm of cadwater
excuse me cad walder wickersham
and taft okay in 1925
he joined corvas henderson and de
girdoff
paul kravitz was a highly in highly
influential
development of this law firm he
originated the kravis system it has been
widely
copied his firm recruited the best of
the best as much as possible from the
law schools
he instituted a training program with a
partner of the firm
he actually paid the associates a salary
as opposed to the prevailing practice of
nothing but what the associate could
bring in
kravitz had an upfront policy
about partners which were generally
chosen in-house
in 1927 the firm established law offices
in milan italy
mccloy traveled through italy france and
germany
on business mccloy did work for
corporations in nazi germany
he met with rudolph hess he shared a box
with hitler and gearing at the berlin
olympics
he presented he represented ig farben a
chemical company
which later produced zyklon b which was
used at gas to jews
mccloy an avid republican who supported
wendell wilkie
joined fdr's administration in 1940
mccloy was hired as a consultant by
secretary of war henry stimson
also republican in 1941 he was made
assistant secretary of war
in his capacity he mobilized the u.s
economy for war
he was largely responsible for the
internment of japanese americans
earl warren supported this decision
mccloy was involved with the development
of the atom bomb and the occupation
policy in germany and japan
mccloy served as government task forces
which built the pentagon okay
created the office of strategic services
proposed the united nations and the war
time
war crime tribunals he cheered the
predecessor to the national security
council
he was chairman of the army's advisory
committee on negro troops policy
mccloy initially opposed ending
segregation
before leaving the army in 1945 he then
advised integration
from march of 47 through june of 49
he became the second president of the
world bank okay
in 1949 through 52 mccoy was high
commissioner of germany
he oversaw the creation of the federal
republic of germany
he approved the pardoning and
commentations of sentences
of industrialist frederick
um frederick flick a colon steel magnet
and alfred klopp krupp a steel and
armaments producer
he granted restitution of flicks and
crops properties
he also pardoned mark soderbergh ernest
von schweitzer i'm not very good at
german
joseph dietrich okay and joachim
peeper okay these were all controversial
pardons because these guys did some
pretty bad things
mccoy helped hide close barbie the
butcher of leon from the french
barbie had been sentenced to death in
absentia by france for war crimes
barbie had been recruited by the us army
counterintelligence
to aid in anti-communist efforts in
europe because of his knowledge of
british intelligence techniques
oss officers intelligence activities of
the french and occupied germany this
made him very valuable to us fine
network
in europe mccloy appointed and
or hired while he actually did both
reinhard galen
to aid the us in establishing operating
intelligence organization in europe
the galen organization employed numerous
former where mack officers
some additional committees which mccloy
held
he was a trustee of the rockefeller
commission he was chairman of chase
manhattan bank
chairman of the council on foreign
relations head of the draper committee
okay which uh surveyed u.s foreign
intelligence
opportunity foreign aid programs he was
chairman of the ford foundation
president of disarmament committee okay
he won the savannah stare award okay
military academy award the citizens of
service accomplished
and exemplified duty honor and country
he got the medal of freedom award in
december of 1963. okay
all right mccloy was an advisor to fdr
truman kennedy johnson nixon
carter and reagan okay mccloy served on
the warren commission he was initially
skeptical
of the lone gunman theory and he
questioned
ruby killing ozone in the police station
under guard
the ease of entry into the u.s by oswald
and his wife and is in seeming
intelligence links
by oswald dulles convinced him otherwise
mccloy brokered the final consensus the
warn report
stated any possible evidence of a
conspiracy was
beyond the reach of all american
investigating agencies
as well as the commission itself in 1967
a supposedly independent cbs news
documentary on the assassination of
kennedy
was secretly viewed and altered by john
mccloy
through his daughter ella mccloy who was
an administrative assistant of cbs
news president richard salant okay and
by the way stanton was at cbs at the
time
okay john mccloy was part of the wise
men
okay that developed a containment policy
dealing with the communist bloc
crafted nato the world bank the marshall
plan and the truman doctrine
he became a partner in milbank tweed and
mccloy in 1961
and finished his career there this firm
acted as a leading multinational oil
company intermediary
involving libya saudi arabia and opec
okay so in other words it was mccloy who
started the whole
influence of opec on american oil is
what she's saying here
mccoy represented the rockefeller family
and chase manhattan bank
he had a relationship with the shah of
iran his firm provided legal counsel
to chase manhattan bank and had to
shaw's
personal account and his family's trust
account
chase international corporation which
mccoy established had
several joint ventures in iran mccoy
lobbied president carter to protect the
shah's regime
along with david and nelson rockefeller
and henry kissinger
mccloy had iran's assets frozen so iran
was unable to make interest payments
on loans chase manhattan bank declared
iran in default
the bank seized the accounts to offset
any outstanding loans
the bank ended up making a huge profit
from that deal
mccloy once called the constitution a
mere scrap of paper
as you can see and probably already know
the so-called banker at his fingers in
many pies
the length and breadth of his career has
greatly influenced the course of the us
government domestically internationally
in my opinion i obtain my information
from many biographies of mccloy on the
internet
the most detailed about the complex and
hidden unknown relationships was from
spartacus
it really goes into more depth and
greater detail i highly recommend it
there seems to be only one long
biography of mccloy
which was kai bird's john mccloy and the
making the american establishment
it's about 800 pages there was also a
book on the wise men
by walter isaacson and evan thomas
okay published in 1986 all right
there are also a few videos on mccloy on
youtube
a short clip with walter cronkite
commenting on his services for the one
by the way that's a really good one
if you can see that one it's mccloy
being interviewed by walter cronkite
for that 1967 special but that interview
never made it into the show
and if you see the way mccloy behaves
you'll understand why i didn't make it
into the show
if you've ever want to watch body
language
which indicates the guy's lying his head
off take a look at that video
there and by the way cronkite is only
giving him
softball questions and mccoy can't even
can't even compose himself to answer
those
in a really straightforward manner okay
where can we get that video
that's on youtube mr mccloy
however objectively the commission may
have said about its work
the report itself it seems to us may
just as well have been entitled the
case against lee harvey oswald
are you satisfied that as much effort
was put into
challenging that cases into establishing
it in other words
did the accused man get a fair trial
i'll answer that in just a moment if i
may just say one thing i i which
i'd like to say in the first place i had
some questions the propriety of my
appearing here as a former member of the
commission to comment on the
evidence of the commission that similar
seems to be some question and i think
there is some question about
the advisability of doing that but i'm
quite prepared to talk about the
procedures and the attitudes of the
commission and uh
i'm uh the scope of its conclusions and
so forth but i
i will now try to answer your question
by pointing out
that this was an investigation and not a
trial
uh we didn't have any plaintiff and
defendant this wasn't as what is known
as an adversary proceeding we were all
called upon to come down there
to i believe the wording was for the
directive from the president
to satisfy yourself that is the
commission what were the relevant facts
in relation to this assassination and
that's the base in which we started
uh the uh there's been a number of
suggestions that will
that the commission for example was only
motivated by a desire to put to make
things quiet
to so that to give comfort to the to the
administration or comfort to the people
of the
of the country that uh there was nothing
vicious about this well that wasn't the
attitude that we
had at all i know what my attitude when
i first went down there i was convinced
there was something phony between
the ruby and the oswald affair the
48 hours after the assassination here's
this man shot
in the police station well i was rather
pretty skeptical
about that but uh as time went on and we
heard witnesses and weighed the
witnesses
but just think how silly this charge is
here were seven men i think five of us
were republicans we weren't
beholden to uh to the administration
uh besides that we we had our own
integrity to think of
a lot of people have said that uh you
can rely upon the distinguished
character of the commission
you don't need to rely on the
distinguished character the commission
uh maybe it was distinguished and maybe
it wasn't but you can rely on common
sense
and you know that seven men aren't going
to get together and uh
that character and a conspiracy with all
of the members of the staff we had
uh with uh all of the uh
of the investigative agencies it had
been a
conspiracy of a character so mammoth and
so uh
vast that it uh transcends any even some
of the distorted charges of conspiracy
on the part of oswald
what did you do on those thrillers to
dallas
well we went there and walked over the
daily
uh plaza almost it seems to me foot by
foot
we went into the school book depository
we talked to
all of the police officers
there that were there a number of the
witnesses visited the boarding house the
boarding houses that oswald had lived in
retraced step by step
his uh his movements from the
school book depository to the point at
which he was
apprehended in the in the theater
we uh chased ourselves up and down the
stairs and timed ourselves
i sat in the window and uh held the very
rifle with the
four power scope on it and sighted down
across the scene
must have been at the exact spot that
whoever the assassin was sat
with the cartoon of boxes as a head rest
snapped the trigger
many times saw the because we had a car
moving at the
ledge great well i can go on uh but uh
i'm just trying to give you the the
impression of
what was the fact that that we did
deciduously uh
uh follow this uh evidence and uh work
out as best we could our own judgments
in in
relation to it mr mccoy the commission
came into being late in
1963 went through to
september 64 when you were dissolved uh
could you have used more time uh there
is the
charge that it was your
conclusions were rushed that there are
some stringent time scale imposed
uh the conclusions weren't rushed at all
if there's any charge that can be made
and maybe this is an unjust charge
because i wasn't in charge but i'm
inclined to think that we perhaps
rush to print a little uh too soon
but the conclusions we arrived at in our
own good time
i think that there's one thing that i
would do over again i would insist on
those
photographs and the uh x-rays
having been produced before us in one
respect and only one respect there i
think that
we were perhaps a little oversensitive
to what we understood was the
sensitivities of the kennedy family
against the production of
colored photographs of the body and so
forth but those exist they're there
we had the best evidence in regard to
that uh the pathology
in respect to the president's wounds uh
it was our own choice we didn't uh
subpoena these photographs which were
then in the hands of the kennedy family
i say i i wish i don't think we've
subpoenaed them we could have gotten mr
justice uh warren was talking to the
kennedy family about that at that time
uh i
thought that he was really going to see
them but it turned out that he hadn't
it's not surprising that there should be
some skeptics quite obviously to any
such report but how do you account for
the fact that the disbelievers outnumber
the believers
by such a wide margin i think that if
you want me to speculate on it uh
first place is the credulity of people
generally
this is pretty spicy pretty scandalous
the
bear in mind that there have been an
enormous amount of
books written now a large number of
books written pamphlets written
with the most shocking and distorted
statements in regard to the evidence
with all of the blurbs and all of the
propaganda
you know the business that goes with
selling books uh
many more uh thousands of those have
been distributed and read
than the rather uh limited descriptions
just this distribution of the report
with rather prosaic
accounts so that i suppose this tends to
build the thing up
uh there are other there are other
things that i suppose you can talk about
strange attitudes that people associate
their politics with the
with with their belief or the disbelief
in the report i've gone to a number of
campuses for example
i'm astounded to find that the uh
professors as well as students
in many other cases i don't say the
majority think that it's illiberal to
come to the conclusion
that uh communist and klein defector
could have been the
assassin of the president it's it's
liberal to feel that it was the
result of a right-wing conspiracy in the
hot and
hostile atmosphere of texas and nothing
that you can say or do seems to be able
to dispel their viewpoint
um maybe there's a general distrust of
government and government agencies
i don't know you can speculate mr conkey
as much as i can about it
i uh i uh what i do
resist and what irritates me is any
suggestion that the
commission were motivated other than by
uh
and they were and i'll leave myself out
there were competent people in that
commission people who
who were experienced in an investigation
like the senators and the congressmen
have been through many
types of investigation dulles who is all
sort of
people who are used to dealing with fbi
reports appraising them weighing them
taking many of them for something less
than their face value
they went at this thing and they came to
this conclusion and there was nothing
fraudulent about it there was nothing
sinister about it either conscious or
subconscious in my judgment and i uh
and i think that as i say that uh
common sense would tell you that uh that
this must be the case as
we may have heard somewhere along the
line but uh so far
i haven't seen any credible evidence
which dispels the
the soundness of the fundamental
conclusions that we came to
most people when they talk about how bad
the warren commission is
they talk about dulles and ford
but mccloy was just as bad
okay if you really want to dig into his
background i mean he was
really in the middle of a lot of really
bad things
like the pardoning of all those nazis in
uh west germany after the war and also
the japanese internment and also
the um talking carter into bringing in
the shah of iran
okay and which of course caused
the taking of the embassy and
which really brought us ronald reagan
because if it wasn't for that
carter might have got it reelected that
year and would have saved us all from
the scourge of ronald reagan
so mccloy was really a pretty bad guy
and the worst thing about mccloy
is that he never really seemed to regret
anything he did like for example a
japanese internment
when the congress decided to go ahead
and give those people some money
like i think it was like 24 000 or
something
you know which was nothing compared to
what those poor people lost
okay mccoy was totally opposed to it
okay he called it unconscionable all
right
and he testified against it all right i
mean that's how bad this guy was
i mean what do you expect from a guy who
helps clause barbie
you know escape uh you know to south
america
but that's another thing that mccoy did
all right
so that's why i concluded in my book
you know reclaiming parkland that so
expected the warren commission
with these guys on it ford dulles
and mccloy to do anything about a
high-level conspiracy within the united
states government
i mean it's just ridiculous it's stupid
to think that these guys would do it
because they have been covering up this
kind of stuff all their lives
all right okay let's have one more
question here
chad brown